com.microsoft.VSCode .alias editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .astro editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .bash editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .bash_profile editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .bashrc editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .bats editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .cfg editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .cjs editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .colors editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .completion editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .conf editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .config editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .css editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .csv editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .cts editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .dir_colors editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .env editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .exports editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .fix editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .function editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .function_fs editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .function_network editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .function_text editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .gitignore editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .graphql editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .grep editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .html editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .ignore editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .ini editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .inputrc editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .js editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .json editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .jsonc editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .jsx editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .log editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .lua editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .macos editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .macos editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .map editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .md editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .mdx editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .mjs editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .mts editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .n editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .path editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .prettierignore editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .prettierrc editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .prompt editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .sh editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .snap editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .svelte editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .svg editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .toml editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .ts editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .tsv editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .tsx editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .txt editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .vue editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .yaml editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .yml editor
com.microsoft.VSCode .zoxide editor
com.microsoft.VSCode Brewfile editor
com.microsoft.VSCode Caskfile editor
com.microsoft.VSCode Codefile editor
com.microsoft.VSCode Dockerfile editor
com.microsoft.VSCode Makefile editor
com.microsoft.VSCode npmfile editor
org.videolan.vlc .3gp all
org.videolan.vlc .aac all
org.videolan.vlc .aif all
org.videolan.vlc .avi all
org.videolan.vlc .flac all
org.videolan.vlc .flv all
org.videolan.vlc .iff all
org.videolan.vlc .m4a all
org.videolan.vlc .m4v all
org.videolan.vlc .mid all
org.videolan.vlc .mkv all
org.videolan.vlc .mov all
org.videolan.vlc .mp3 all
org.videolan.vlc .mp4 all
org.videolan.vlc .mpa all
org.videolan.vlc .mpeg all
org.videolan.vlc .mpg all
org.videolan.vlc .mpg4 all
org.videolan.vlc .ogg all
org.videolan.vlc .ra all
org.videolan.vlc .wav all
org.videolan.vlc .webm all
org.videolan.vlc .wma all
org.videolan.vlc .wmv all
